{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red84\green87\blue89;\red246\green249\blue250;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18680\viewh12440\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl740\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs66 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Weekend Challenge #3\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Description\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Welcome to your third weekend challenge!\cb1 \
\cb3 We are going to be building a calculator application using jQuery, Node, and Express, all hosted on Heroku!\cb1 \
\cb3 The logic for the calculator needs to be housed on the Server, where the client side will take in the values (in 2 input text fields) and the type of mathematical operation (selected using a button on the DOM). Each of the numerical values and type of mathematical operation will be bundled up in an object and then sent to the server via a POST. So when the object leaves the server, it should look something like this: \{ x: 3, y: 4, type: \cb1 \'93\cb3 Add\cb1 \'94\cb3  \}\cb1 \
\cb3 Once the server receives it, build out logic to compute the numbers in 1 of 4 different ways. The server should be able to handle Addition, Subtraction, Multiplication, and Division. Once the calculation is complete, it should be sent back down to the client side app where it should be displayed on the DOM.\cb1 \
\cb3 Finally, build a 'clear' button that resets the whole experience.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs62 \cf2 \cb3 HARD MODE:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Convert the input fields for the two values to Buttons. So the experience would allow the user to click on a numerical button, then a mathematical operation, then a numerical button again. Then have an equal button that sends all of the information to the server.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl520\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs62 \cf2 \cb3 PRO MODE:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa200\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 Style the whole experience using Bootstrap to resemble the design of a physical calculator. Then, include decimal points in your number logic. Finally, convert your logic to have the client side handle which mathematical operation is run. Once it determines this, it will use that to change the url or the post request to pair with a server side route that handles that type of mathematical operation. For example:\cb1 \
\cb3 $.ajax(\{\cb1 \
\cb3 type: \cb1 \'93\cb3 POST\cb1 \'94\cb3 ,\cb1 \
\cb3 url: \cb1 \'93\cb3 /division\cb1 \'94\cb3 ,\cb1 \
\cb3 success: function(data)\{\cb1 \
\cb3 //something here\cb1 \
\cb3 \}\cb1 \
\cb3 \});\cb1 \
\cb3 Would be on the Client side and the Server side would have something like:\cb1 \
\cb3 router.post('/division', function(req, res)\{\cb1 \
\cb3 //some code here\cb1 \
\cb3 \});\cb1 \
}